Hello guys will come back.
We need to create a category schema so that we could have categories like baby cats dogs books and many
more.
In this video we will quit our second schema which will be category schema.
Let's go ahead and create a new file and give it a name Karoubi.
Yes all server models right click and during s let's impart something important dependencies.
It is pretty straightforward.
We create a category schema and then we give it we give two attributes name and created her name.
That data type is green.
And he has to be unique and Loki's has to be true to avoid duplication and then time Krischan whenever
a new category has been created.
And then finally we export this entire schema the given name category and we pass passing the category
schema object.
In this video we created our second schema which is category schema in the next video.
Create and add a new category API.
So I'll see just in the next few.